>>ELIZABETH APRIL: The
Galactic Federation of Light
is kind of like a
universal governance system
filled with many
different species
from all over the universe.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Couldn't
the Galactic Federation
just wave their
magic wand and say,
I want all these
conflicts to go away?
>>APRIL: It is not up to
the Galactic Federation
to come down and save us,
because we are on our own path
collectively.
>>NOORY: What do
they want for us?
>>APRIL: They want to get rid
of any external influences
on planet Earth.
They want to disclose
all of the truth, all
of the information
about the universe,
about inter-dimensional life.
And they want to really see
what humans will do with that.
>>NOORY: Well, we've got a
great show for you today,
Elizabeth April with us
channeling the Galactic
Federation of Light.
And she's also an
intuitive psychic.
Elizabeth, welcome
to the program.
>>APRIL: Thank you so
much for having me here.
>>NOORY: What is the
Galactic Federation of Light?
>>APRIL: So the Galactic
Federation of Light,
I akin it to the
UN of the planet.
Maybe a little less corrupt.
So it's basically--
>>NOORY: Or a lot less corrupt.
>>APRIL: A lot less corrupt.
Absolutely.
So it's kind of like a
universal governance system
filled with many
different species
from all over the
universe who really want
to come together for unity.
And so they've been involved
with planetary agendas
and planetary things
for quite some time.
And they really oversee all
of the different planets
and civilizations all
around the universe,
to really help with the unity
in the universe as well.
>>NOORY: Do they have clout?
>>APRIL: I would
say that they do.
They do have a
force behind them,
just because there's so
many different beings who
are involved in the
Galactic Federation.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>APRIL: So they do have--
they do have clout
in the universe, yes.
>>NOORY: When you realized you
had extrasensory abilities, how
old were you?
>>APRIL: Yeah, so my parents
say that I was around two years
old when they noticed that I
was, I guess, talking to things
and seeing things
and interacting
with things that they couldn't
see and interact with.
And so a lot of that,
for me, was clairvoyance.
So a lot of seeing things that
other people couldn't see--
mediumship, seeing different
spirits and entities
in the room, but also
seeing auras and chakras
from a young age as well.
>>NOORY: Did it come easy
to you, or was it difficult?
>>APRIL: It was very easy
to tap into that world.
But it was very difficult
to balance that world
with this world.
>>NOORY: And convey
it to others?
>>APRIL: And convey
it to others.
I thought what I
was experiencing
was very normal at
that point in time,
until I got into
elementary school,
until I was the weird
kid, until I realized--
>>NOORY: Did you tell
your friends about this?
>>APRIL: I absolutely did.
Yeah, I told them about
everything I was experiencing.
I would--
>>NOORY: Mommy,
Elizabeth was abducted.
You know.
>>APRIL: Yeah.
And I would go over
to my friend's house
at the age of six
and say, oh, well,
it's so nice that your
grandfather is visiting,
not knowing that he actually
passed three years prior.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>APRIL: And so that
was a little weird
and created some different
situations for me at that time.
>>NOORY: Now, you had
an alien abduction case?
>>APRIL: I do, yes.
>>NOORY: What happened.
>>APRIL: So my first
conscious abduction-- and I
say that for a reason, because
this was the first time
that I was fully aware of the
abduction experience-- happened
at 18 years old.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>APRIL: And I went away to
a 10-day silent meditation
retreat called Vipassana.
And on the second
night of meditation,
I was abducted by
interdimensionals.
And we would describe
them as tall whites,
the tall white beings.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>APRIL: Plainly so because
they're very tall and very
white, almost to the point
where they're transparent and--
>>NOORY: Almost ghostly looking?
>>APRIL: Very ghostly looking.
Yeah, and creepy, actually.
Creepy looking.
And so that was a very fear
based abduction experience.
But it opened that
can of worms for me.
Oh my goodness.
Not only are interdimensionals
real, but they're here,
and they're interacting with us.
And so that really opened
that can of worms for me
to question this
reality even deeper.
Who are they?
Why are they here?
And who are we as human beings?
And why are they interacting
with us at this time?
>>NOORY: Were they from
other planetary systems
or within our own existence?
>>APRIL: Definitely
offworld, but I really
believe that species
in particular
has a lot to do with government
in maybe a not so good way.
But I don't know too too much
about the tall whites myself
other than that
small interaction
that I did have with them.
>>NOORY: Did they harm
you or were you scared
with what you can remember?
>>APRIL: I was definitely--
I was very scared, yeah.
I was very--
>>NOORY: I don't blame you.
>>APRIL: Just because I was
so thrown out of my element.
And they weren't
a very beautiful,
loving species either.
So it wasn't a compassionate
abduction experience.
And so what they did when
they took me is they actually
put something in my right ear.
And I remember--
>>NOORY: An implant?
>>APRIL: Basically,
yeah, exactly.
And it was basically
a tracking device.
And after they put
me back into my bed,
I felt like I wasn't able
to remote view anymore.
I felt like I wasn't
able to astral travel
or to tap into these other
realms because, in my mind,
I felt like maybe
if I left my body
they would come
back into my body,
and maybe that was why
that they were tracking me.
So I really had no
idea what they put in
or why they were wanting
to track me at that time.
>>NOORY: Is the
implant still in you?
>>APRIL: No, I went
to a medical medium,
and she was able to pick
up on it right away.
And she did her
energetic magic, and she
was able to disconnect
it from my energy system.
And I had a lot of weird
ear drainage afterwards.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>APRIL: But other than
that, I immediately felt
like that heaviness and that
feeling of being watched
was lifted right after I
saw this medical medium.
>>NOORY: Whitley Strieber,
the author of "Communion"
has an implant near
his ear in the back.
And he doesn't want
to have it removed.
He thinks it's a connection
with his late wife
that they implanted in him.
But Dr. Roger Leir,
Elizabeth, who
used to remove
implants from people,
he's not with us anymore.
But he invited me
to a surgical event
where a lady had an
implant in her cheek.
And every time they
tried to grab it
with the little tweezers, and
they had her slit a little bit,
it would move.
>>APRIL: Wow.
>>NOORY: It escaped.
>>NOORY: And he had to stop
or he'd mutilate her face.
>>APRIL: Right.
>>NOORY: So he said, I couldn't
just keep poking away at her.
And she probably still has it.
These probably tracking
devices like you have.
>>APRIL: Mm-hmm.
I believe some are
good and some are bad.
Just like everything in the
universe, there's that binary.
>>NOORY: A lot of people have
talked about alien abduction
cases.
One was Laurie
McDonald, who talked
with us about her situation.
Do you continue to
have these experiences?
>>LAURIE MCDONALD:
I do, actually.
But they're different now.
Now I feel that my
consciousness has expanded,
and I no longer look at
the phenomena the same way.
I think that any interaction
with a UFO or an alien
isn't so much about
them, that it's more
about the human experience.
Sort of knocked on the
door of my consciousness
and allowed me to see that I
was more than what I thought,
and that it opened the door
to multidimensionality,
that the soul itself
is multidimensional.
And I came to some conclusions
that some of the hybridization
programs in particularly
with the gray--
gray human were to
hijack our ascension,
to hijack our ability to
move through space and time
without a body.
And because I've had so many
out-of-body experiences--
I've been a meditator
for over 40 years.
I've had out-of-body
experiences.
I spent five years
at a Buddhist temple.
I learned more about
extraterrestrials
and other worlds than
the thousand cases
that I've worked.
But I went there
initially because I
was continuously having
an out-of-body experience.
Every time I would relax,
I'd pop right out of my body
and I could see me.
And so what did that tell me?
It told me that I was still
Laurie without the vessel.
>>NOORY: What did you
think of that, Liz?
>>APRIL: I definitely
agree with a lot of that.
I believe that we are
multidimensional beings.
And I believe that we are
here to fully express that DNA
and express that
multidimensionality.
And I truly believe that
everyone is psychic.
Everyone has
clairvoyant abilities.
And this world is too
distracting for most people
to really be able to tap
in to those abilities.
>>NOORY: Now, your case,
your abduction case just
happened one time?
Or do you think it's ongoing?
>>APRIL: No.
So since then I've had
many physical interactions
with different
interdimensional beings.
And then I have had many more
astral and remote interactions
with different
interdimensional beings
for very specific
purposes as well.
>>NOORY: Did you
ever wonder why you?
Does that ever come up?
>>APRIL: I think
in the past, when
there was a lot of bullying and
there was a lot of hardships
around those kind
of abilities, there
was a lot of questions
of like why do I have
to suffer with being different?
But nowadays, I really feel like
there is no question of why me,
because I don't feel special.
I feel like I'm here to just
be a guide for other people
into their own
power and abilities.
>>NOORY: Are you helping
other people now?
>>APRIL: I believe so.
I'd like to believe so.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And I mean,
do you see clients?
How do you work?
>>APRIL: Yeah, so I used
to have a lot of clients
from all over the world.
And that was really beautiful.
But I was really confined
to one person at one time.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>APRIL: So now I like
to teach in groups.
I have courses that I teach.
And then I also have my own
censorship-free membership
platform, which is incredible.
I'm also writing books as well,
which helps tons of people
all over the world.
And I don't necessarily have
to show up every single time
to help them.
>>NOORY: Are you hopeful for
the future of our planet?
>>APRIL: Oh, I am so hopeful.
Some people call me
an over-optimist.
I--
>>NOORY: Nothing
wrong with that.
>>APRIL: Yeah, and not an
over-optimist in the way that
I'm ignorant to
some of the dark--
>>NOORY: Or naive.
>>APRIL: Or naive to some
of the dark, shadowy aspects
of this reality.
Because I've been there.
I've seen it.
I've experienced it.
But ultimately, upon observing
the dynamics on this planet,
I really truly believe
we are ascending.
We are raising our vibration.
I believe that
people are waking up
and that there is a
consciousness that
is starting to sprout within
humanity that is helping
us get to this next level
of spiritual and physical
evolution.
>>NOORY: How many people
do you think there
are like you on this planet?
>>APRIL: I believe every
person on the planet
can get to the place where
I'm at with the abilities
that I've experienced.
I believe everyone can do that.
>>NOORY: Without training?
>>APRIL: There's definitely
training involved.
>>NOORY: There is.
>>APRIL: Yes.
>>NOORY: You need that.
>>NOORY: We talked a little bit
about the Galactic Federation
in the beginning.
Do you like them?
>>APRIL: I do.
Yeah, I do.
And once again,
not in a naive way.
I believe that any organization
all throughout the universe
is not without its own faults.
Because ultimately
every being who
is a part of an organization
like the Galactic Federation
is on their own journey
and their own mission
of self-discovery and learning.
So it doesn't mean that
they're perfect in any regard,
but I do truly believe
in their mission
to unify the polarity
in the universe
and to make sure that every
being has a fighting chance.
>>NOORY: Elizabeth,
how do we get you
on the Galactic Federation?
Is that conceivable?
Is that possible?
>>APRIL: You mean, how do
you get me on the ship?
>>NOORY: How do I get
you to be a member?
>>APRIL: Oh.
Yeah, I believe that
there's actually
a lot of Galactic
Federation alumni or members
who have chosen to
incarnate as human bodies,
and who are on this
planet as human beings.
>>NOORY: Can you be on
this board, basically?
>>APRIL: Absolutely.
Yeah.
So I believe that
in so many ways
I'm a conduit for the
information from the Galactic
Federation.
But I believe that there
are so many individuals
on this planet who are also
in direct or indirect contact
with the Galactic Federation,
who are helping unify
this planet as well.
>>NOORY: I've always heard that
there's this unwritten rule
in the universe, where
they cannot get involved,
that they cannot influence us.
>>APRIL: Yes.
>>NOORY: Is that true?
Yes, it is.
Yeah, so the Galactic
Federation has
to abide by the
laws of the Universe
and one of the greatest laws
that they always teach me about
is the law of non-intervention.
So that's basically what
you're talking about.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>APRIL: And the law
of non-intervention
just simply states that no being
can override another being's
free will.
Free will is the greatest
power that we all
have within ourselves,
whether on planet--
>>NOORY: But if an asteroid
were coming this way,
they couldn't intercede
and bump it out?
>>APRIL: OK, so this is where it
gets a little bit more tricky.
There are collective
contracts for this planet.
So just like I have a contract
to be sitting here with you
today, and that's
all predestined
based on what we planned
for this lifetime,
the collective of
this planet also
has contracts that
were predestined.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>APRIL: And so in
that case, if something
were to take place that was not
in alignment with the highest
good of the
collective, then that
is a case where it would
go to one of the councils
with the Galactic Federation.
They would have to talk it
over and basically decide,
do we intervene or not?
And if we do intervene,
what kind of effects
is this going to make
long term for the planet
and is this aligned to
their highest contracts?
And that's where a
lot of human beings
don't fully understand why would
God, why would the Galactic
Federation allow for so much
suffering on this planet?
And that's a question that
I get asked all the time.
And my response to
that is, I believe
that suffering or a
challenge, whether it
be at an individual
or collective level,
needs to be experienced in
order for learning and growth
to take place.
>>NOORY: We've been through a
lot over the last several years
as a planet, more so
than I can remember.
>>APRIL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And it
seems to be coming
at us from all different
angles all the time.
Studies are showing that
people have massive anxiety.
They're under huge stress.
Couldn't the Galactic Federation
just wave their magic wand
and say, I want all these
diseases to go away?
I want all these
conflicts to go away?
Why don't they do this?
>>APRIL: Yeah, that's
a good question.
So there are a lot of
solutions that they
have in the form of different
technologies, even DNA
technologies or
genetic technologies
that they could very easily
bring to planet Earth.
I know there's a lot of
people on planet Earth
who are conduits of
that information, that
are bringing that
technology to planet Earth.
But unfortunately, this
planet has been so controlled,
so suppressed by, say,
the powers that be,
that that technology has not
been allowed to be released.
So that's what's
happening right now
is there's this really huge
battle that's taking place
on the planet between the
good forces, the bad forces,
the light and the dark.
And so we're seeing the
shift take place finally.
We're seeing a little bit
more room and movement
for these solutions to
come in, but it is not
up to the Galactic Federation
to come down and save us,
because we are on our
own path collectively.
>>NOORY: It's our choice.
>>APRIL: Yes.
>>NOORY: It's our destiny.
>>NOORY: They meet sometimes all
over the universe, don't they?
Including the moon?
>>APRIL: Yes.
>>NOORY: What do they do there?
>>APRIL: Yeah.
So my very first meeting
with the Galactic Federation
happened back in 2011.
And this was shortly after
my first abduction experience
with the tall whites.
And so that's the kind of
worm that opened for me.
And I was greeted
in my living room
by a really beautiful
7-foot tall astral
being of a Pleiadian man.
And he came through my wall, and
he said, Elizabeth, in two days
time, there's going
to be a meeting.
And it's going to happen
at 2:00 AM Eastern Standard
Time, which was my time zone.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>APRIL: And he said, you
have to be awake for this.
And that's all he said.
And I said, what?
OK, this is crazy.
All right, I'll do it.
>>NOORY: You should be up
listening to my radio show,
anyway.
>>APRIL: Exactly.
Yeah, exactly.
And so two days later,
it was December 21, 2011.
I woke up at 1:00 AM.
I chugged back a huge coffee.
I was in university at the
time, so I wasn't not--
I was very used to
pulling all nighters.
And I started to meditate.
And at 2:00 AM on the
dot, this Pleiadian man
came back into my room and
he said, OK, follow me.
And I wasn't sure at that time
if it was going to be physical,
if it was going to
be non-physical,
but I was very used to
remote viewing, astral
traveling at that point.
So when he left the room
in a non-physical body,
I knew that I
needed to follow him
in my non-physical
body, my astral body.
So I follow him, and
we go out and out,
and further and further
away from the planet.
And it was my first time
actually astral traveling
remote viewing off the planet.
I didn't even know
that was possible.
I remember looking back
at the planet thinking
how beautiful it was.
And so we go
farther and farther,
and he's going to the moon.
And so I'm, like, oh, cool.
We're going to have this
meeting on the moon.
And instead of going
to some sort of base
or building on the moon, he
goes right into the moon.
And to my knowledge, apparently,
the moon is actually hollow.
And it is being used as
a Galactic Federation
headquarters of sorts.
And this is where there
were hundreds of thousands
of beings who were all
inside this room in the moon.
And this is where I was taught
about what's taking place
on planet Earth, who
the human beings are,
and who the Galactic
Federation was.
>>NOORY: Dr. Robert
Wood had a chance
to talk with our Emery
Smith on the Gaia show
"Cosmic Disclosure" about
what you've just said.
>>APRIL: Wow.
>>NOORY: A hollow moon.
>>EMERY SMITH:
There are facilities
on the moon that a
lot of the governments
use to have meeting places,
just in a safe remote view
area on the inner
part of the moon.
Now, the moon is something
that various researchers
and scientists have
discussed in terms
of it being natural
versus something
that was created by technology.
Bob, has Bill ever spoke to
you about targeting the moon
as a place for remote viewing?
>>ROBERT WOOD: He would tell
me about his experiences
of his life.
And, once in a
while, remote viewing
would be involved
as we've discussed.
But when he told
me about the moon
he didn't say he got
it from remote viewing.
He just told me factually.
He said, oh, by the
way, the moon is hollow.
And it's not ours, that
somebody else put it up.
And these things I
had heard of before.
>>SMITH: It seems to
go back and forth,
with the scientists and
researchers saying the moon is
real, the moon is fake.
We have a great video here
with Bill talking about that.
Let's take a look at it.
>>WOOD: Right.
>>BILL: Well, first of
all, it's not your moon.
And secondly, it's not a moon.
It's a command center
for a region of this part
of the Milky Way galaxy.
OK?
That's what it is.
And it doesn't rotate.
Everybody forgets the
thing doesn't turn.
OK?
So it's not a moon.
It's not your moon.
It's a command center
with probably 25 to 35
different civilizations
in there, all of which
operate out here for this
part of the Milky Way galaxy.
And yes, some of
those people actually
are at war with each other.
But they have
personnel living here.
Their families live here.
Their kids are getting educated.
They get young.
They get older.
They get married and married.
It's a big hunk.
It's a big, big facility.
>>NOORY: Would you agree
with that, Elizabeth?
>>APRIL: Wow, I--
>>NOORY: Kind of echoes
what you just said.
>>APRIL: I had no idea anyone
else has ever said that.
So that's pretty cool.
I only know what I remote view,
so that's great validation.
Yeah.
That resonates.
>>NOORY: Do you agree with him?
>>APRIL: I do, yeah.
That resonates a lot.
>>NOORY: They have meetings.
They have--
>>APRIL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's a base.
>>APRIL: Command center.
>>NOORY: It's not real.
>>APRIL: Yeah, absolutely.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's bizarre, isn't it?
>>APRIL: It is bizarre.
>>NOORY: How come you are
part of these meetings?
>>APRIL: That's a good question.
I have no idea.
I think that I chose
to come to this planet
specifically for a reason, to
help humanity through this very
tumultuous time.
So I know that I came
here for a reason,
and I believe that there are
a lot of individuals like me
who came here for a
reason, to help humanity
through this difficult time.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
Have you ever felt
scared doing this?
>>APRIL: Yes.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: How so?
>>APRIL: When I
first started getting
into remote viewing
and astral traveling,
I would go to a lot of
military bases on planet Earth.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>APRIL: And I was
really curious.
I mean, what are they doing
in these underground military
bases, top secret?
And fun story-- in one of the
times that I explored actually
the base in Antarctica,
they had psychic soldiers.
So when I remote view,
I'm never usually seen
by humans or soldiers.
>>NOORY: But they can see you.
>>APRIL: So they
had these soldiers
who were also remote
viewing the base,
I guess to protect it from
remote viewers like me.
And this one ended
up seeing that I
was going through the halls
of this Antarctic base.
And he went like
this, and he pushed.
He kicked me all the
way out of the base,
and he proceeded to follow
me to figure out who I was,
if I was belonging
to a government.
>>NOORY: Why are you here?
>>APRIL: Exactly.
And so I had to pop in and out
of many different locations
to lose him.
But that-- there's been some
moments very similar to that
that have freaked me out a
little bit, where I'm like,
ooh, I got into a position
where I shouldn't have been.
>>NOORY: Do you feel
special because of this?
>>APRIL: No, not at all.
I feel like I've
tapped into something
that everyone can tap into.
I truly believe
that human beings
have many different facets.
And at a physical
level, I believe
we have DNA within us that
is completely untapped.
And I believe that, with
the right vibrational level,
we can tap in and unlock that
DNA and step into everything
that I've been
able to experience.
I believe everyone
can experience.
>>NOORY: In these
meetings of the Galactic
Federation, are their arguments?
Are they screaming
at each other?
>>APRIL: No, definitely there's
not a lot of anger or animosity
within those meetings
or those councils,
but absolutely there
are disagreements.
And disagreements rightfully
so because the decisions
that they're making in
relation to planet Earth,
and once again, intervention
or non-intervention, they
are massive decisions
that will really
change the trajectory
of planet Earth
and the human beings on Earth.
>>NOORY: What do they
want for us, Elizabeth?
>>APRIL: That's a good question.
They want human
beings to be free.
That is the end goal.
And what's happened since
the dawning of human history
is we haven't been free.
We've been very
manipulated and very
taken down pathways
that have not
been through our own volition
or our own conscious awareness.
And so what they
want to do is they
want to get rid of any external
influences on planet Earth.
They want to disclose
all of the truth, all
of the information
about the universe,
about inter-dimensional life.
And they want to really see
what humans will do with that
and where we can go with
that newfound freedom
and that free will.
>>NOORY: Are we getting there?
>>APRIL: I believe that we are.
Right now, humanity as a
collective is making a choice.
Who do we want to belong with?
>>NOORY: Right.
>>APRIL: What contracts
do we want to sign?
And because we haven't had
our full freedom, and we
because we haven't been
accessing our full free will,
we actually don't know
what we want collectively.
>>NOORY: Is there good and
bad that we have to pick from?
>>APRIL: Exactly.
And as a human being,
I believe that we
are this giant experiment.
I believe that human beings have
been manipulated within our DNA
throughout human history.
From what the Galactic
Federation has told me,
humans are basically
a giant peace treaty.
So we have some of the highest
vibrational interdimensional
beings' DNA within us.
>>NOORY: Or we're a Petri dish.
>>APRIL: Exactly.
We're a giant experiment,
but also a peace treaty.
And we have some of the lowest
vibrational DNA within us.
And it's up to us to choose.
And for many, many millennia
out there in the universe,
there have been
peace treaties that
have been signed by the
darkest and the highest
vibrational beings, and
they've never worked.
And so now they're thinking, if
we have this living, breathing,
walking, talking peace treaty
as the children of these beings,
then maybe we can get somewhere.
So it's up to us as a
human race to choose,
do we want to go to
the highest vibration?
Or do we want to work
with the lowest vibration?
And that's up to us to choose.
>>NOORY: And let's
put it in perspective,
how the Galactic Federation
might have come into being.
That was on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> How did this
Federation come to be?
>> So there's only one
requirement for membership.
And I have to clarify
that this is not
a coherent, official,
democratic organization.
It is a mindset being.
And that means an
individual or a collective
has to make themselves dedicated
to the idea of a harmonious one
being universe that has
several individual and diverse
properties, but
it is all oriented
towards this unification
process of the universe.
And once-- and you
don't even have
to know about this Federation.
So once an individual
takes the decision
that they want to
commit themselves
to this wonderful one
being harmonious context,
they automatically will be
drawn into this mindset being.
Because the end result is
still in a process, which means
we know we are on this
process, and it will 100%
turn out great.
But the way it turns
out and it's played out
is still up to the individual
responsibilities of everyone.
>>NOORY: What's amazing-- how
many people understand what
this Federation is all about.
>>APRIL: I mean, just
like what was said,
all you have to
understand is unity.
And I think a lot
of people initially
believe that the Galactic
Federation is only about
light and only about love
and only about pure source
consciousness.
And as a matter of
fact, they are just
about bringing harmony
towards high vibration
and low vibration, good and bad.
It's not about a
choice between either.
It's about finding the
harmony and the unity
and the oneness within both.
>>NOORY: And are they doing
a good job doing that?
>>APRIL: I think they are.
I really do.
I think that they are really
beautiful guides for us.
But I do always caution to say
that it's important to question
everything.
And it's important to
use our own discernment,
and it's really
important to understand
that even the Galactic
Federation aren't the end
all to be all of the
universe, but they're really
great guides to get us to that
place where we want to be.
>>NOORY: Have any of
the members gone rogue,
where they tried to get involved
by themselves to do something
that they shouldn't?
>>APRIL: Yes, yes.
>>NOORY: I knew it.
>>APRIL: There's
actually a great example
that I just channeled
a couple of months ago.
And it was the Yahyel
species on planet Earth.
They're very humanoid.
And they went rogue I
think back in the '80s,
but it's a very famous event.
And it was the Phoenix Lights.
>>NOORY: Oh, sure.
1997.
>>APRIL: There you go.
That was never
supposed to happen.
That was not contracted
in humanity's plan.
>>NOORY: Whoa.
>>APRIL: That was an individual
species that was a part
of the Galactic Federation
that went rogue,
that really truly believed and
felt like if they just exposed
themselves, if they
just showed the world--
>>NOORY: So they wanted all
these people to see this.
>>APRIL: They wanted all
of these people to see it
and they thought that
deep down these people
would wake up and move
into a higher vibration.
>>NOORY: They didn't wake up.
>>APRIL: Exactly.
>>NOORY: A few people did.
>>NOORY: But not a lot.
>>APRIL: And so that's
why it wasn't contracted.
Humanity wasn't at a place
to accept that at that time.
>>NOORY: How do you connect
with the Federation?
How do you do it now?
>>APRIL: Yeah.
So I connect through remote
viewing and astral traveling.
It doesn't take too long.
>>NOORY: Dreams?
>>APRIL: No, not necessarily.
>>NOORY: Not dreams.
>>APRIL: Usually,
I'm very conscious.
It's just a matter of me
closing my physical eyes,
opening my third
eye, leaving my body,
going up to the giant Galactic
Federation mothership,
and consulting with
many different councils
that they have up there.
>>NOORY: Are you there,
Elizabeth, physically or are
you there psychically?
>>APRIL: Remotely.
Yeah.
In my astral body.
Sometimes, I'll
go up physically,
but it takes a lot of time and
energy and effort on their part
as well as my part
to get up there.
So it's more so
astral and remote.
>>NOORY: Do they have names.
>>APRIL: Yes, they do.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: They are?
>>APRIL: Well, there's
many different councils.
So one of the councils
that I love consulting
is the Arcturian
timeline council.
>>NOORY: I mean the
individual Federation members.
Do they have names?
Like Elizabeth has one?
>>APRIL: Yes, they have names.
Yeah, one of the--
so one of the Arcturian--
Arcturians is part of
the timeline council.
His name is G.
>>NOORY: G?
>>APRIL: Just like the letter.
Yeah, G. He said that his
name in Light language
was so extreme that
there was only one
letter he could translate it
into in the English alphabet.
And then there's another member
of the Pleiadian Security
Council.
And his name is
Kinetic, spelt with a K.
So a lot of the
times, the names are
translated from Light
language or their language.
And a lot of the
times, the names
are chosen by them that are
just kind of English names
that we could relate to.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
seen temper from them?
>>APRIL: I have not seen temper.
I have definitely seen emotion.
There have been a couple of
times where I go up to the ship
and it's just
everyone's in chaos,
and there's a timeline
that planet Earth entered
into that was not supposed to
be I guess in the predictions
or in the--
>>NOORY: Did you see concern
on them, on their faces?
>>APRIL: Absolutely, yeah.
Most of them do have emotion.
The problem with humans
interacting with them
at a physical level is when
you're in your physical body,
a lot of the beings don't
show emotion on their face.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>APRIL: So instead
of smiling or laughing
or an expression of concern,
it's an energy that they hold.
So unless you're tapped
in telepathically
or you're tapped into
their remote body,
we won't be able to actually
feel what they're going through
at an emotional level.
>>NOORY: Do they argue
amongst each other?
>>APRIL: They don't
necessarily argue,
but they don't always agree.
Now, typically I would
say 80%, 90% of the time,
all council members
are in agreement
with what needs to be
done moving forward.
And every once in a
while, I'll definitely
see some heated conversations
between council members,
once again, with what to do.
>>NOORY: Do they have a
message for us, Elizabeth?
Is there some guiding force
statement they want us to know?
>>APRIL: Yes, there is.
>>NOORY: And that would be?
>>APRIL: And that would
be that everything
that is taking place on planet
Earth right now at this time
is happening for a reason.
>>NOORY: Always has, I think.
>>APRIL: It always
has, but specifically
right now because there's
so much animosity.
There's so much war.
There's so much polarity that
we're seeing and experiencing
and feeling as empaths.
>>NOORY: And hatred.
>>APRIL: And hatred.
>>NOORY: A lot of it.
>>APRIL: And polarity.
And so they really
need us to know
that what's happening
and taking place
is the dismantlement
of the old Earth.
It's the breaking down
of the old 3D system
to really build back
up this new system
that we're going
to have in place.
So that means that
we need to break down
the political system.
We need to break down
the financial system.
We need to break down the
religious and educational
systems in order to clear
space for a new unified system
to really take place
on planet Earth.
>>NOORY: Knowing what you
know about the Federation,
about the planets,
about the universe,
are you happy about this?
Are you excited
about it, our future?
>>APRIL: I'm beyond excited.
Actually, when 2020
happened, I was probably
the most excited person
that you would ever talk to.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>APRIL: Yeah, absolutely.
Mostly because it
was finally here.
It was finally
happening, something
that was affecting every single
person in the entire world,
that was shifting them
out of the matrix, that
was forcing them to question,
that was getting them out
of that 9 to 5 position, so that
they had the space and the room
and the time to
question this reality
and essentially wake up.
And I believe that that's what
we've been witnessing ever
since 2020.
>>NOORY: In spite of
everything we've been through.
>>APRIL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: You think it's
still going to get better?
>>APRIL: In fact,
because of everything
that we've been
through, I believe
that we're well on our way,
well on track for unity
consciousness on planet Earth.
But I do believe that
it will get worse
before it gets better.
And I've been saying
that since 2020 as well.
>>NOORY: What kind
of people are we
to be able to sustain this and
keep going, in your opinion?
>>APRIL: In my opinion,
we are extremely powerful,
beyond words, beyond
comprehension,
beyond my own comprehension.
I believe that we have access
to many different traits
and abilities that will
get us through this.
And I believe without
reason or doubt
that we have the
strength to persevere.
>>NOORY: Do you believe in God?
>>APRIL: I believe in a
different word for God,
but yes, I believe
in a consciousness--
>>NOORY: A higher power.
>>APRIL: A higher power, a
source, I like to call it.
>>NOORY: A divine creator.
>>APRIL: Divine creator, yeah.
>>NOORY: Whatever it may be.
>>APRIL: Yeah, I
do believe in that.
>>NOORY: And why don't
you accept the word God?
>>APRIL: I was raised
Catholic, so there
was a lot of questioning
that I did around Catholicism
and a lot of understanding of
genocide and pain and murder
that has happened
underneath the word "God."
And so I think I have a
little bit of resentment
towards that word, just
because of the heaviness
that it has created in the past.
>>NOORY: In a
booming stock market,
they call it a bullish time.
>>APRIL: Mm-hmm.
>>NOORY: When it's bad,
they call it bearish.
Are we bullish or bearish?
>>APRIL: I would say we're a
little bit of both right now.
It's a very uncertain
time to people
who are not fully tapped
in, and a very certain time
for people who are.
>>NOORY: Could it go either way?
>>APRIL: I think many
years ago it could have,
but these days I do believe
that we are well on our way
to a higher vibrational
frequency for our future.
>>NOORY: Matias de
Stefano, of course,
talks about the Galactic
Federation often,
and also trying to
help us from some kind
of massive galactic war.
>>MATIAS DE STEFANO: So imagine
the wars we have today here
as just one planet.
But now imagine it in a bigger
way in the whole galaxy.
What they are trying to prevent
from the future and the past
is that we today
reach a path to within
so we can heal the
separation of every race,
and then we can
heal the Orion War,
and not to look the energy
outside of us but to look God
within.
This war that is being
held in these three
times in the fourth
dimension is calling us
from every dimension to
be prepared ourselves
not to leave it.
That's why a lot of people is
receiving information and data
from other levels
of consciousness,
from the Pleiadian
people, Sirian people,
Arcturian people,
to prepare ourselves
and our bodies,
souls, and spirit,
so we could be centered
to love each other,
to reunite each other,
to go through the portals
of the ninth
dimension from within.
So in such a way,
we prevent the war
to happen again in the future.
Then when we stop the
wars in our planet,
so we create a fractal
of this reality
towards every other dimension.
So if we do it well, if we do
it properly in this planet,
it will be like a seed to
show to many other beings
and other planets that
it is possible to be
harmonious with the universe.
Our job here is to remember
that we are every perspective,
and that the only
way you can achieve
the ninth and eighth
dimension is from within.
That's why we need to know
about all these people,
intelligent beings
around the universe,
and why is need-- is
important to understand
our role in the War of Orion.
We are the seed that
can heal the war
in between every dimension.
>>NOORY: He's obviously tapped
into something, Elizabeth,
hasn't he?
>>APRIL: Absolutely.
And those are all
the same messages
that I've received from
the Galactic Federation
as well, is that if we
find peace and unity here
on this planet, then we
amplify that peace and unity
to the rest of the universe.
>>NOORY: What could be
the most important message
they want us to grasp?
>>APRIL: Well, if you're open
to it, I can always tap in
and get information
in real time.
>>NOORY: And how do you do that?
>>APRIL: So once again,
it's just a matter
of me closing my eyes,
opening my third eye,
remote viewing over to
the ship, and just asking
one of the councils
if there's anything
that they want to share today.
>>NOORY: Is the ship
constantly out there?
>>APRIL: Yeah.
So it actually hangs out in
our solar system, just outside
of Earth's atmosphere.
And it's always cloaked,
but it's massive.
And that's typically where
I go to receive information.
>>NOORY: All right.
Go for it.
>>APRIL: OK, cool.
Thank you.
One second.
Mm-hmm.
OK.
OK, great.
So I went over to
my favorite council
within the Galactic Federation,
who is the Pleiadian Security
Council.
Consists of about
eight Pleiadian beings.
And the one being that I
mentioned before, Kinetic,
he's the leader but not
so much of that council.
So I asked him.
I said, Kinetic, what
does humanity need
to know right now at this time?
Now, typically he will give
me messages for the collective
in a very visual way.
Like almost like a
metaphorical way.
>>NOORY: Mm-hmm.
>>APRIL: And I
think the reason why
he does that is because
it can be interpreted
in a variety of different ways.
So this is the image
that he gave me.
He gave me this image
of a huge ocean and one
person, that's just a
generic person representing
every person.
And they're on this tiny little
boat, this tiny little rowboat
in this huge, wide ocean.
And the ocean is
stormy and tumultuous,
and there's huge waves.
And all of a sudden,
this little tiny boat
starts to raise above
all of the waves.
And there's a stormy sea
going on below the boat.
But the boat is completely
unaffected by the storm.
And the message that he was
trying to relay with that image
is that we're in the
middle of the storm.
We're in the middle of polarity.
We're in the middle
of this changing
energy on planet Earth.
And it is tumultuous,
and there is war,
and there is a lot of
different sides and angles
and anger within the people.
But it is up to us.
It is our responsibility
to raise ourselves
above that polarity to not
necessarily protect ourselves
from that but to create our own
reality in a higher vibration,
to see above the storm.
And we have the
ability to do that.
And as empaths, we get
so stuck in the middle
of all of the projection,
and the energy and the anger
that's happening on the planet
that it is really up to us.
It is our responsibility to let
go of all of the projection,
all of the distraction,
all of the mass media,
and the questioning,
and to really
understand that appreciation and
gratitude for what we do have
and where we are
at is what's going
to raise our vibration above
and beyond the lower densities
on the planet.
And when we can do that
at an individual level,
we are once again amplifying
that unity, that peaceful,
that oneness, that high
vibrational frequency
towards the rest of the planet.
And that's what
we can do to help.
That's what we can do to give
back at an individual level.
It's not about yelling
from the rooftops.
It's not about always
saying or doing something.
Sometimes, it's just about going
within, raising the vibration,
letting go of all
of the distraction,
and showing through
experience that we
can get to a higher vibrational
place, even within the storm.
>>NOORY: What a great message.
>>APRIL: Yeah.
>>NOORY: How do people find you?
>>APRIL: Yeah, just
elizabethapril.com.
And on all the social
medias, Elizabeth April.
>>NOORY: All right.
Thanks for being
on "Beyond Belief."
>>APRIL: Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: One day, I would
like to visit the Galactic
Federation, just to watch and
be a witness to something that
is very, very universal.
I'm George Noory.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]